Leo?
What's up, bro?
How are you?
So long no see.
Look! You are...
-different.
-Liked it?
Is it a discman?
Sure! I just listen to discman.
Best thing ever.
-The best sound quality.
-I get it, worst quality.
Worst but nostalgic.
A good bad one.
I only use scratched CDs
because of the natural remixes.
It's very interesting.
-I get it. So you still have CDs?
-Just CDs.
I have a CD stand, furniture
I ordered for storing CDs.
Like this. This is rare.
The best of 1997.
-See?
-Masterpiece.
There's Tony Braxton
with Vanessa Rangel.
There's Lighhouse Family.
The guys composed for the CD.
Respect the artist's
choice.
Some songs are made for the CD,
for a bad quality,
-compact sound...
-I get it.
I've thrown mine away.
Can you believe?
-Listen at my place.
-Deal! Give me your number.
Write down my beeper.
-Beeper?
-The best thing is a pager.
Pager isn't that thing
you call a central
and send the message
through a woman...
That's it! Much better!
They don't know if you are online,
if you've read the message,
no blue check marks...
Besides, the woman
improves your messages.
She's like a consultant.
It's classy.
You send her, she edits,
and eventually censors you.
The other day I called her
a little drunk.
I was sending a message
at 3 am to a girl.
She said my voice
was pasty.
"Are you sure you want
to send it?"
I gave up and did well.
It would be embarassing.
She was saved.
-Ten times better than Whatsapp.
-But for sending pics,
-and videos are impossible.
-For pics, there's fax.
So you still have a fax.
Best thing ever.
The best sensation.
It beepes, and you:
"What will come out?"
The paper comes
smelling plastic.
Sometimes nothing comes,
just numbers, pure art.
One day I sent
my girl my dick pic.
So your girlfriend
also uses fax?
Of course!
Her, and all ICQ friends.
ICQ?
HI, HONEY!
I MISS YOU.
I'M SENDING
A PIC OF ME! =)